Is guys in what KMAX So in this video I'm going to be showing you how you can work with these speed
optimization.
OK so welcome to your second lecture.
Right.
So I'm not working on Create a WP site rather than I'm working on iTunes.
The reason is that because iTunes zeal is already made and this was a worry first project.
OK.
So I wanted to show you that why not just work with it on a Web site that is already built and developed.
So if I just go to speed test site OK situs speed or speed testate or whatever.
OK you go here you search here later on the Internet and you just go with the developers that Google
dot com side that has the page B.Com insight.
OK.
And then what you have to do you just have to copy your you are out you have to come up here and then
you have to paste it.
OK I'm going to be clicking here.
Analyze and analyze and then it's going to tell me that what is the speed of my web site.
OK let's wait.
Let's see then that the number one tip that it is giving is that the he is saying that we should be
optimizing our images.
OK if you just go to a desktop you can see we have optimized images so we have two images that are right
here and that needs to be optimized.
OK if I just click here and I just double click here I am going to copy this.
OK.
I'm going to be coming here to New tablet I'm going to paste it right now.
And let's see how this is the image which is right one.
OK this image needs to be optimized and it needs 90 81 percent reduction.
OK.
So it like this if I just come here and I copy this one on to him here and let's paste it.
OK let's see how much this image needs.
This is the image that we have used here and this image also needs to be optimized so we have two images.
This and this and we will optimize both the images.
So let's get started.
First of all what we have to do do we have to download the images.
Do we have to open them in the photo shop.
Do we have to do this stuff.
No.
We're not going to do that.
The only thing that we have to do is that we have to install a plug in that's all.
And then we have to work to optimize it into this is so easy guys.
And the plug in is also free.
There is also a pro version that is used to just optimize more images.
OK so it will give you like 500 images approximate I don't remember.
Let's just go ahead and let's see.
OK.
I'm going to be coming here.
I'm going to be entering my username and then here I am going to be entering my password so I hope the
password is right.
Let's see.
So I haven't I haven't opened this website since I have designed it.
OK I didn't have much time.
OK.
It's been like more than a month.
And you can see so there are some of datings as well let's just go ahead and let's quickly update them
because it's important.
OK.
I'm going to be selecting all going to be clicking apply.
And then let's go to the plug ins to the install plug in as well and let's just update them.
So this is now being updated from here I don't know if this is a bug what the word Press.
Let's just go to plug in and then let's update from here.
Let's get a date now to the date now and let's update now and update them.
So you can see every plug in is going to be updated.
Let's see yes.
OK.
Now what we have to do is that we need to just go with a plug in.
Actually I even don't remember the name of the plug in so let's just go ahead and let's just search
for the compressed images.
OK.
And the keyboard for the one.
So this plugin has an image that was related to porn.
As far as I remember yes this one.
Yes this one.
Compressed J-P easy PND images by tiny PMG.
OK.
I have used the smush.
Smush is used by so many installers but I don't know it didn't work for me.
OK.
Whenever I install it whenever I activated and then I work it doesn't give the result while that's come
across.
Jay bagging mpg images I find it to be amazing because it works super awesome.
OK.
That's my opinion.
If this doesn't work you can go with any other plug in right here that is related to compress images
as a WordPress developer.
You shouldn't be Velle of fear that if a plugin does not work or if a plug in and there's a plug in
that you don't like there's there would be another plug in that you have to find out.
You can find that.
Still searching with the keyboard.
And if that's a bayed plug in you can search it on Google.
OK.
And then get it.
So I'm going to be going to going ahead and I'm going to be just installing this right now.
And let's just activate this plug in.
OK.
So I'm basically showing you that how installing this plug in and doing the magic when this plug in
and infill actually works with your side and your side will boost your speed.
OK.
It says Please register or provide an API key to start compressing images.
I'm going to be clicking here and let's see what it says.
OK.
Here's a file compression.
Make sure that this is OK here.
OK.
And then it takes to register a new account.
So if you don't have an account you just have to register a account you have to click here and you will
be given a link basically.
OK you have to open up your link and you will be taken to your dashboard.
OK.
Since I am already registered but I'm going to be clicking a dashboard and it's going to redirect me
to the dashboard.
So once you click
OK it is safe me to just log into your account the de-link.
OK so I don't have the password.
I'm going to be going to e-mail.
And let's just grab the link.
And here we go you can see these tiny PNB going to be clicking here and I'm going to be clicking log
in that magic playing let's just log ourself and so here we are in the log tab.
OK.
Is compressed images 0 out of 500.
So I have the images left that needs to be compressed.
OK.
I'm going to be going to the API.
So where is the FBI guiding this is the ABH.
OK I'm going to be clicking here.
I'm going to be copying this and then I am going to just go ahead and paste that into this one.
OK so you have to just go ahead.
You have to paste it and then you have to hit save.
OK.
That's all you have to do.
And then he will see that once you click here save your account is connected.
OK.
So you can see that now if your API key is wrong it will give you an error.
So make sure that you cannot cure this tiny PAGG account whether your wordpress.
OK.
And you will be having just like these Monch you can see that I have used zero images and it is 500
left.
OK but it just showing just you have made one compressions this month.
OK.
I don't know why.
OK so you can see that I am here in this right now so you can see everything is right here.
Do not change anything.
OK.
We are here and everything should be here.
So here are the settings of the ping.
OK so if you need any custom setting you can just go ahead with them.
OK let's just go ahead and let's go to media and then we have to go to bulk optimization.
OK unplugging this he can see it has start Bell customization and we have uncompressed images is 23
uploaded images A-6 estimated cost is zero dollars.
OK it's free because we have 500 images per month usage.
I'm going to be going ahead and I'm going to be clicking this and it's just it is just going to basically
work with this.
And then let's see if this compress the images and the images are actually compressed or not or whatever.
Ok so I'm going to be going ahead and I'm going to pause my video right now.
OK.
Once it is on I'll be back.
So you can see that the initial size was two point seventy three M-B and now that's currencies are takes
one which is a huge stink.
OK you can see the current size is now in kilobytes and it was before in megabytes or 7000 kilobytes
which is so much.
OK so you can see how much reduction is done here and you can actually see how it is good.
OK now let's go ahead and let's see how our website works on the optimization and you will be amazed
to see such a great result.
But as you can see that the images will slow down on your website a lot so you have to focus on the
images first.
OK.
That is right.
Give us here.
I'm going to be clicking analyze again and let's see.
So it was on 47 before.
I hope it it's not and for these seven again.
Fingers crossed.
Ok ok you can see it in no changed from seven to seven.
Thank you.
OK.
You can see that the optimization has changed from 47 to 70 which is super awesome.
You don't have to do anything.
OK.
Like if even even now at this point.
At this point even if you did not just do anything else if you did not just cover the second lectures
or upcoming lectures you're done OK because Google is not like that.
OK you have to just achieve the 100 or 80 OK.
You have to just be beyond 65.
That's all.
OK.
So you can see that we are still here in the 70 and I'm going to be giving you some more tips OK that
you can work with and you will see that your reps hate the Villard much faster.
OK.
So in the next video Altro you can buy.